Spreads are a way that we can dynamically
add multiple properties from an object.
Maybe those properties change and
pass them down through our children.
And it also has a convenience
factor cuz sure,
we could pass each of these
things individually, right?
And to be fair, this can be more
optimized because we can impact each
change independently when we do that.
But sometimes, we don't know all
the variables that are gonna come through.
So in those cases, it's easier
sometimes to just use the syntax and
we get the same result of our info here.
And our info components literally
just taking these props and
just writing us a nice message.
The thing that always
remember what spreads is,
they work as this great in the GSX.
But we have to remember that once more
we're passing stuffs to those spreads
merging objects to use those helpers that
we showed earlier to make sure you don't
lose reactivity.
And the last binding syntax,
this one doesn't come out too often.
But it is an interesting addition
that we added to the GSX language.
Refs are great, but
sometimes you wanna package
up more advanced behavior with them.
And the way we can do that is
something we call a directive and
some frameworks like felt call them
actions and angular calls them directives.
I can't remember what view calls them.
But essentially, we have this ability
to kind of add some custom DOM logic.
So let's say on this modal class, we
wanted it to have click outside behavior.
You wanted to add this behavior so
that it closed whenever you
click outside the modal.
Well, we can define that here, right?
And this is where we basically
implement that click outside logic.
And the way we do this is creating
this function that has a signature.
It takes the element and
it takes an accessor.
And essentially, let's think here.
If we wanna click outside,
what we're gonna do is we're gonna
make some kind of click handler.
And we can do this by
essentially checking if
the element contains the event target,
right?
So, and it's a, Right, and
we actually are gonna give the ability for
our click outside to be enabled
to be toggled on and off.
So we're also gonna check if our
accessor which is a function,
it's always a function regardless.
Sorry, it's writing off the side of
the screen here, is has a truthy value.
And then if there's a click handler here,
we're going to.
On our document.body, add an event
listener to the click that
uses this click handler.
It's also important that we
clean up after ourselves here.
So we're also going to add in on cleanup.
Again, because this is all
part of solid rendering,
we can do this anywhere and
we're gonna go,
we're gonna remove our event listener
that we just added on click.
And this is basically our direct
that we just wrapped up some simple
JavaScript behavior.
Then, here, we import our function.
We go to our div and go use colon.
So this is namespace thing,
click or is it click outside?
And by default, it's a Boolean,
so this will just work.
But we can also for
implementation here, toggle it.
So that we're only managing it
when the modal is visible, right?
And set show to false.
And if everything works properly,
we're gonna have a modal.
Clicking in, it's fine, but
when we click out of it, sorry.
If we click out of it, okay, we can there.
Typo, my bad.
Contains, isn't it?
Yeah, there's an S, there we go.
We open it, click in it, nothing happens.
We click out of it and
we get another error.
Cuz I forgot to put click on the click
handler, beautiful, all right.
This is in clicking,
fine, click out, close.
And we basically have
basic modal behavior,
that we can add to really any DOM element
by just including this directive.
So as I said, it's just syntactic
sugar over ref, but it's kind
of a nice convenience to be able to kind
of packaged up these behaviors as well.
We've seen a lot of this usage and
things like custom form libraries where
they'll have some custom hooks and
then they'll have some custom directives
and it kind of like all ties together.
So there's a lot we can do
with the GSX language, right?
And that is basically it for
the specific syntaxes.